---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_images_site_wise_product_names_count Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Returns count of assigned network device product for a given image identifier. Refer /dna/intent/api/v1/images API
  for obtaining imageId
---

# catalystcenter_images_site_wise_product_names_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Returns count of assigned network device product for a given image identifier. Refer **/dna/intent/api/v1/images** API
for obtaining **imageId**

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_images_site_wise_product_names_count" "example" {
  provider     = catalystcenter
  assigned     = "string"
  image_id     = "string"
  product_id   = "string"
  product_name = "string"
  recommended  = "string"
}

output "catalystcenter_images_site_wise_product_names_count_example" {
  value = data.catalystcenter_images_site_wise_product_names_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image_id` (String) imageId path parameter. Software image identifier. Refer **/dna/intent/api/v/images** API for obtaining **imageId**

### Optional

- `assigned` (String) assigned query parameter. Filter with the assigned/unassigned, **ASSIGNED** option will filter network device products that are associated with the given image. The **NOT_ASSIGNED** option will filter network device products that have not yet been associated with the given image but apply to it. Available values: ASSIGNED, NOT_ASSIGNED
- `product_id` (String) productId query parameter. Filter with product ID (PID)
- `product_name` (String) productName query parameter. Filter with network device product name. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters are required for search.
- `recommended` (String) recommended query parameter. Filter with recommended source. If **CISCO** then the network device product assigned was recommended by Cisco and **USER** then the user has manually assigned. Available values : CISCO, USER

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
