---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_system_health Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Health and Performance.
  This data source retrieves the latest system events
---

# catalystcenter_system_health (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Health and Performance.

- This data source retrieves the latest system events

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_system_health" "example" {
  provider  = catalystcenter
  domain    = "string"
  limit     = 1
  offset    = 1
  subdomain = "string"
  summary   = "false"
}

output "catalystcenter_system_health_example" {
  value = data.catalystcenter_system_health.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) domain query parameter. Fetch system events with this domain. Possible values of domain are listed here : /dna/platform/app/consumer-portal/developer-toolkit/events
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Specifies the maximum number of system health events to return per page. Must be an integer between 1 and 50, inclusive
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point for the list of system health events to return. Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0
- `subdomain` (String) subdomain query parameter. Fetch system events with this subdomain. Possible values of subdomain are listed here : /dna/platform/app/consumer-portal/developer-toolkit/events
- `summary` (Boolean) summary query parameter. Fetch the latest high severity event

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `cimcaddress` (List of String)
- `health_events` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--health_events))
- `host_name` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--health_events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.health_events`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `domain` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `instance` (String)
- `severity` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `sub_domain` (String)
- `timestamp` (String)
