---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Untag the golden images specifically designed for a particular device type or supervisor engine module. Conditions for
  untagging the golden image:
  1) Untagging the golden image can only be done where the golden tagged is applied.
  For example, if golden tagging is applied to a global site, then untagging can only be done on a global site. Even
  though the same setting will be inherited on native, attempting to untag will fail.
  2) Untagging of SUBPACKAGE and ROMMON image type is not supported.
---

# catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden (Resource)

It performs create operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Untag the golden images specifically designed for a particular device type or supervisor engine module. Conditions for
untagging the golden image:
1) Untagging the golden image can only be done where the golden tagged is applied.
  For example, if golden tagging is applied to a global site, then untagging can only be done on a global site. Even
though the same setting will be inherited on native, attempting to untag will fail.
2) Untagging of SUBPACKAGE and ROMMON image type is not supported.

~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in CatalystCenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
  id       = "string"
  site_id  = "string"
  parameters {

    device_roles                    = ["string"]
    device_tags                     = ["string"]
    product_name_ordinal            = 1.0
    supervisor_product_name_ordinal = 1.0
  }
}

output "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Software image identifier is used for golden tagging or intent to tag it. The value of id can be obtained from the response of the API /dna/intent/api/v1/images?imported=true&isAddonImages=false for the base image and /dna/images/{id}/addonImages where id will be the software image identifier of the base image.
- `site_id` (String) siteId path parameter. Site identifier for tagged image or intent to tag it. The default value is global site id. See [https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center](#!get-site) for siteId

Optional:

- `device_roles` (List of String) Device Roles. Available value will be [ CORE, DISTRIBUTION, UNKNOWN, ACCESS, BORDER ROUTER ]
- `device_tags` (List of String) Device tags can be fetched fom API https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/#!get-tag
- `product_name_ordinal` (Number) The product name ordinal is a unique value for each network device product. productNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of API /dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames?siteId=<siteId>
- `supervisor_product_name_ordinal` (Number) The supervisor engine module ordinal is a unique value for each supervisor module. supervisorProductNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of API /dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames?siteId=<siteId>


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
