---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_tag_golden Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Creates golden image tagging specifically for a particular device type or supervisor engine module. Conditions for
  tagging the golden image:
  1) The golden tagging of SMU, PISRT_SMU, APSP, and APDP image type depends on the golden tagged applied on the base
  image. If any discrepancies are identified in the request payload, the golden tagging process will fail. For example:
  a) If the base image is tagged with Device Role: ACCESS, then add-ons can only be done ACCESS role only and the same
  is applied if any device tag is used. Any other request will fail.
  b) If the base image is tagged at global or any site level then add-ons also need to be tagged at site level.
  2) Tagging of SUBPACKAGE and ROMMON image type is not supported.
---

# catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_tag_golden (Resource)

It performs create operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Creates golden image tagging specifically for a particular device type or supervisor engine module. Conditions for
tagging the golden image:
1) The golden tagging of SMU, PISRT_SMU, APSP, and APDP image type depends on the golden tagged applied on the base
image. If any discrepancies are identified in the request payload, the golden tagging process will fail. For example:

    a) If the base image is tagged with Device Role: ACCESS, then add-ons can only be done ACCESS role only and the same
is applied if any device tag is used. Any other request will fail.

    b) If the base image is tagged at global or any site level then add-ons also need to be tagged at site level.

2) Tagging of SUBPACKAGE and ROMMON image type is not supported.

~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in CatalystCenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_tag_golden" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
  id       = "string"
  site_id  = "string"
  parameters {

    device_roles                    = ["string"]
    device_tags                     = ["string"]
    product_name_ordinal            = 1.0
    supervisor_product_name_ordinal = 1.0
  }
}

output "catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_tag_golden_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_images_id_sites_site_id_tag_golden.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Software image identifier is used for golden tagging or intent to tag it. The value of id can be obtained from the response of the API /dna/intent/api/v1/images?imported=true&isAddonImages=false for the base image and /dna/images/{id}/addonImages where id will be the software image identifier of the base image.
- `site_id` (String) siteId path parameter. Site identifier for tagged image or intent to tag it. The default value is global site id. See [https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center](#!get-site) for siteId

Optional:

- `device_roles` (List of String) Device Roles. Available value will be [ CORE, DISTRIBUTION, UNKNOWN, ACCESS, BORDER ROUTER ]
- `device_tags` (List of String) Device tags can be fetched fom API https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/#!get-tag
- `product_name_ordinal` (Number) The product name ordinal is a unique value for each network device product. productNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of API /dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames?siteId=<siteId>
- `supervisor_product_name_ordinal` (Number) The supervisor engine module ordinal is a unique value for each supervisor module. supervisorProductNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of API /dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames?siteId=<siteId>


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
