---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_intent_network_devices_query Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Devices.
  Returns the list of network devices, determined by the filters. It is possible to filter the network devices based on
  various parameters, such as device type, device role, software version, etc. The API returns a paginated response based
  on 'limit' and 'offset' parameters, allowing up to 500 records per page. 'limit' specifies the number of records, and
  'offset' sets the starting point using 1-based indexing. Use '/dna/intent/api/v1/networkDevices/query/count' API to get
  the total record count. For data sets over 500 records, make multiple calls, adjusting 'limit' and 'offset' to retrieve
  all records incrementally.
---

# catalystcenter_intent_network_devices_query (Resource)

It performs create operation on Devices.

- Returns the list of network devices, determined by the filters. It is possible to filter the network devices based on
various parameters, such as device type, device role, software version, etc. The API returns a paginated response based
on 'limit' and 'offset' parameters, allowing up to 500 records per page. 'limit' specifies the number of records, and
'offset' sets the starting point using 1-based indexing. Use '/dna/intent/api/v1/networkDevices/query/count' API to get
the total record count. For data sets over 500 records, make multiple calls, adjusting 'limit' and 'offset' to retrieve
all records incrementally.


~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in CatalystCenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_intent_network_devices_query" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
  parameters = [{

    filter = [{

      filters = [{

        key      = "string"
        operator = "string"
        value    = "string"
      }]
      logical_operator = "string"
    }]
    page = [{

      limit  = 1
      offset = 1
      sort_by = [{

        name  = "string"
        order = "string"
      }]
    }]
    views = ["string"]
  }]
}

output "catalystcenter_intent_network_devices_query_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_intent_network_devices_query.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `filter` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--filter))
- `page` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--page))
- `views` (List of String) The specific views being requested. This is an optional parameter which can be passed to get one or more of the network device data. If this is not provided, then it will default to BASIC views. If multiple views are provided, the response will contain the union of the views.

Read-Only:

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.filter`

Optional:

- `filters` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--filter--filters))
- `logical_operator` (String) The logical operator to use for combining the filter criteria. If not provided, the default value is AND.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--filter--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.filter.filters`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key to filter by
- `operator` (String) The operator to use for filtering the values
- `value` (String) Value to filter by. For **in** operator, the value should be a list of values.



<a id="nestedblock--parameters--page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.page`

Optional:

- `limit` (Number) The number of records to show for this page. Min: 1, Max: 500
- `offset` (Number) The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1.
- `sort_by` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--page--sort_by))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--page--sort_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.page.sort_by`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The field to sort by. Default is hostname.
- `order` (String) The order to sort by.



<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ethernet_mac_address` (String)
- `ap_manager_interface_ip_address` (String)
- `ap_wlc_ip_address` (String)
- `boot_time` (Number)
- `device_support_level` (String)
- `dns_resolved_management_ip_address` (String)
- `error_code` (String)
- `error_description` (String)
- `family` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_successful_resync_reasons` (List of String)
- `mac_address` (String)
- `management_address` (String)
- `management_state` (String)
- `pending_resync_request_count` (Number)
- `pending_resync_request_reasons` (List of String)
- `platform_ids` (List of String)
- `reachability_failure_reason` (String)
- `reachability_status` (String)
- `resync_end_time` (Number)
- `resync_interval_minutes` (Number)
- `resync_interval_source` (String)
- `resync_reasons` (List of String)
- `resync_requested_by_apps` (List of String)
- `resync_start_time` (Number)
- `role` (String)
- `role_source` (String)
- `serial_numbers` (List of String)
- `series` (String)
- `snmp_contact` (String)
- `snmp_location` (String)
- `software_type` (String)
- `software_version` (String)
- `stack_device` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user_defined_fields` (String)
- `vendor` (String)
