---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_sda_anycast_gateways_update Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs update operation on SDA.
  Updates anycast gateways based on user input.
---

# catalystcenter_sda_anycast_gateways_update (Resource)

It performs update operation on SDA.

- Updates anycast gateways based on user input.


~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in CatalystCenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_sda_anycast_gateways_update" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
  parameters = [{

    fabric_id                                    = "string"
    id                                           = "string"
    ip_pool_name                                 = "string"
    is_critical_pool                             = "false"
    is_group_based_policy_enforcement_enabled    = "false"
    is_intra_subnet_routing_enabled              = "false"
    is_ip_directed_broadcast                     = "false"
    is_layer2_flooding_enabled                   = "false"
    is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses              = "false"
    is_resource_guard_enabled                    = "false"
    is_supplicant_based_extended_node_onboarding = "false"
    is_wireless_flooding_enabled                 = "false"
    is_wireless_pool                             = "false"
    layer2_flooding_address                      = "string"
    layer2_flooding_address_assignment           = "string"
    pool_type                                    = "string"
    security_group_name                          = "string"
    tcp_mss_adjustment                           = 1
    traffic_type                                 = "string"
    virtual_network_name                         = "string"
    vlan_id                                      = 1
    vlan_name                                    = "string"
  }]
}

output "catalystcenter_sda_anycast_gateways_update_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_sda_anycast_gateways_update.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaUpdateAnycastGateways (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this anycast gateway is assigned to. Updating anycast gateways on fabric zones is not allowed--instead, update the corresponding anycast gateway on the fabric site and the updates will be applied on all applicable fabric zones (updating this field is not allowed).
- `id` (String) ID of the anycast gateway (updating this field is not allowed).
- `ip_pool_name` (String) Name of the IP pool associated with the anycast gateway (updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_critical_pool` (String) Enable/disable critical VLAN (not applicable to INFRA_VN; updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_group_based_policy_enforcement_enabled` (String) Enable/disable Group-Based Policy Enforcement (defaults to false when using INFRA_VN; defaults to true for other VNs; can only be modified when using INFRA_VN).
- `is_intra_subnet_routing_enabled` (String) Enable/disable Intra-Subnet Routing (not applicable to INFRA_VN; updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_ip_directed_broadcast` (String) Enable/disable IP-directed broadcast (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_layer2_flooding_enabled` (String) Enable/disable layer 2 flooding (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses` (String) Enable/disable multiple IP-to-MAC Addresses (Wireless Bridged-Network Virtual Machine; not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_resource_guard_enabled` (String) Enable/disable Resource Guard (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_supplicant_based_extended_node_onboarding` (String) Enable/disable Supplicant-Based Extended Node Onboarding (applicable only to INFRA_VN requests; must not be null when poolType is EXTENDED_NODE).
- `is_wireless_flooding_enabled` (String) Enable/disable wireless flooding (not applicable to INFRA_VN; can only be true when isWirelessPool is true).
- `is_wireless_pool` (String) Enable/disable fabric-enabled wireless (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `layer2_flooding_address` (String) The flooding address to use for layer 2 flooding. The IP address must be in the 239.0.0.0/8 range. This property is applicable only when the flooding address source is set to "CUSTOM".
- `layer2_flooding_address_assignment` (String) The source of the flooding address for layer 2 flooding. Layer 2 flooding must be enabled to configure this property. "SHARED" means that the anycast gateway will inherit the flooding address from the fabric. "CUSTOM" allows the anycast gateway to use a different flooding address (not applicable to INFRA_VN; defaults to "SHARED").
- `pool_type` (String) The pool type of the anycast gateway (required for & applicable only to INFRA_VN; updating this field is not allowed).
- `security_group_name` (String) Name of the associated Security Group (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number) TCP maximum segment size adjustment.
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic the anycast gateway serves.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the layer 3 virtual network associated with the anycast gateway (updating this field is not allowed).
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of the VLAN of the anycast gateway (updating this field is not allowed).
- `vlan_name` (String) Name of the VLAN of the anycast gateway (updating this field is not allowed).



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
