---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.
  Adds layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Deletes layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Updates layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Deletes a layer 2 virtual network based on id.
---

# catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.

- Adds layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Deletes layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Updates layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Deletes a layer 2 virtual network based on id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
 
  parameters {

    associated_layer3_virtual_network_name = "string"
    fabric_id                              = "string"
    id                                     = "string"
    is_fabric_enabled_wireless             = "false"
    is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses        = "false"
    is_resource_guard_enabled              = "false"
    is_wireless_flooding_enabled           = "false"
    layer2_flooding_address                = "string"
    layer2_flooding_address_assignment     = "string"
    traffic_type                           = "string"
    vlan_id                                = 1
    vlan_name                              = "string"
  }
}

output "catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddLayer2VirtualNetworks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddLayer2VirtualNetworks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `associated_layer3_virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the layer 3 virtual network associated with the layer 2 virtual network. This field is provided to support requests related to virtual network anchoring. The layer 3 virtual network must have already been added to the fabric before association. This field must either be present in all payload elements or none.
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this layer 2 virtual network is to be assigned to.
- `id` (String) ID of the layer 2 virtual network (updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_fabric_enabled_wireless` (String) Set to true to enable wireless. Default is false.
- `is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses` (String) Set to true to enable multiple IP-to-MAC addresses (Wireless Bridged-Network Virtual Machine). This field defaults to false when associated with a layer 3 virtual network and cannot be used when not associated with a layer 3 virtual network.
- `is_resource_guard_enabled` (String) Set to true to enable Resource Guard.
- `is_wireless_flooding_enabled` (String) Set to true to enable wireless flooding. If there is an associated layer 3 virtual network, wireless flooding will default to false and can only be true when fabric-enabled wireless is also true. If there is no associated layer 3 virtual network, wireless flooding will match fabric-enabled wireless.
- `layer2_flooding_address` (String) The flooding address to use for layer 2 flooding. The IP address must be in the 239.0.0.0/8 range. This property is applicable only when the flooding address source is set to "CUSTOM".
- `layer2_flooding_address_assignment` (String) The source of the flooding address for layer 2 flooding. "SHARED" means that the layer 2 virtual network will inherit the flooding address from the fabric. "CUSTOM" allows the layer 2 virtual network to use a different flooding address (defaults to "SHARED").
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic that is served.
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of the VLAN of the layer 2 virtual network. Allowed VLAN range is 2-4093 except for reserved VLANs 1002-1005, and 2046. If deploying on a fabric zone, this vlanId must match the vlanId of the corresponding layer 2 virtual network on the fabric site.
- `vlan_name` (String) Name of the VLAN of the layer 2 virtual network. Must contain only alphanumeric characters, underscores, and hyphens.



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `associated_layer3_virtual_network_name` (String)
- `fabric_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_fabric_enabled_wireless` (String)
- `is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses` (String)
- `is_resource_guard_enabled` (String)
- `is_wireless_flooding_enabled` (String)
- `layer2_flooding_address` (String)
- `layer2_flooding_address_assignment` (String)
- `traffic_type` (String)
- `vlan_id` (Number)
- `vlan_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks.example "id:=string"
```
