---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs delete operation on Configuration Templates.
  Detach a list of network profiles from a Day-N CLI template with a list of profile IDs along with the template ID.
---

# catalystcenter_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete (Resource)

It performs delete operation on Configuration Templates.

- Detach a list of network profiles from a Day-N CLI template with a list of profile IDs along with the template ID.

~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in CatalystCenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete" "example" {
  provider    = catalystcenter
  profile_id  = "string"
  template_id = "string"
  parameters {

  }
}

output "catalystcenter_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `profile_id` (String) profileId query parameter. The id or ids of the network profile, retrievable from /dna/intent/api/v1/networkProfilesForSites. The maximum number of profile Ids allowed is 20.  A list of profile ids can be passed as a queryParameter in two ways:   a comma-separated string ( profileId=388a23e9-4739-4be7-a0aa-cc5a95d158dd,2726dc60-3a12-451e-947a-d972ebf58743), or...  as separate query parameters with the same name ( profileId=388a23e9-4739-4be7-a0aa-cc5a95d158dd&profileId=2726dc60-3a12-451e-947a-d972ebf58743
- `template_id` (String) templateId path parameter. The id of the template, retrievable from GET /intent/api/v1/templates


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
