---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_wireless_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on Wireless.
  This resource allows the user to create a Wireless Network ProfileThis resource allows the user to update a Wireless Network Profile by ID. Note that, when performing a PUT operation
  on a wireless network profile, it is essential to provide a complete payload. This is because the wireless network
  profile is tightly integrated with other network design entities. Consequently, all fields must be included—not just the
  fields to be updated. Any missing fields will be set to their default or null values. To ensure all fields are
  accurately populated, consider using the GET operation to retrieve the current resource data before proceeding with the
  PUT operation.This resource allows the user to delete Wireless Network Profile by ID
---

# catalystcenter_wireless_profiles (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on Wireless.

- This resource allows the user to create a Wireless Network Profile

- This resource allows the user to update a Wireless Network Profile by ID. Note that, when performing a PUT operation
on a wireless network profile, it is essential to provide a complete payload. This is because the wireless network
profile is tightly integrated with other network design entities. Consequently, all fields must be included—not just the
fields to be updated. Any missing fields will be set to their default or null values. To ensure all fields are
accurately populated, consider using the GET operation to retrieve the current resource data before proceeding with the
PUT operation.

- This resource allows the user to delete Wireless Network Profile by ID

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_wireless_profiles" "example" {
  provider = catalystcenter
 
  parameters {

    additional_interfaces = ["string"]
    ap_zones {

      ap_zone_name    = "string"
      rf_profile_name = "string"
      ssids           = ["string"]
    }
    feature_templates {

      id    = "string"
      ssids = ["string"]
    }
    id = "string"
    ssid_details {

      anchor_group_name  = "string"
      dot11be_profile_id = "string"
      enable_fabric      = "false"
      flex_connect {

        enable_flex_connect = "false"
        local_to_vlan       = 1
      }
      interface_name      = "string"
      policy_profile_name = "string"
      ssid_name           = "string"
      vlan_group_name     = "string"
      wlan_profile_name   = "string"
    }
    wireless_profile_name = "string"
  }
}

output "catalystcenter_wireless_profiles_example" {
  value = catalystcenter_wireless_profiles.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Wireless Profile Id

Optional:

- `additional_interfaces` (List of String) These additional interfaces will be configured on the device as independent interfaces in addition to the interfaces mapped to SSIDs. Max Limit 4094
- `ap_zones` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--ap_zones))
- `feature_templates` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--feature_templates))
- `ssid_details` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--ssid_details))
- `wireless_profile_name` (String) Wireless Network Profile Name

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--ap_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.ap_zones`

Optional:

- `ap_zone_name` (String) AP Zone Name
- `rf_profile_name` (String) RF Profile Name
- `ssids` (List of String) ssids part of apZone


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--feature_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.feature_templates`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Feature Template UUID
- `ssids` (List of String) List of SSIDs


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--ssid_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.ssid_details`

Optional:

- `anchor_group_name` (String) Anchor Group Name
- `dot11be_profile_id` (String) 802.11be Profile Id. Applicable to IOS controllers with version 17.15 and higher. 802.11be Profiles if passed, should be same across all SSIDs in network profile being configured
- `enable_fabric` (String) True if fabric is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `flex_connect` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--ssid_details--flex_connect))
- `interface_name` (String) Interface Name.
- `policy_profile_name` (String) Policy Profile Name. If 'policyProfileName' is not provided, the value of 'wlanProfileName' will be assigned to it. If 'profileName' is also not provided, an autogenerated name will be used. Autogenerated name is generated by appending ‘ssidName’ field’s value with ‘_profile’ (Example : If ‘ssidName’ = ‘ExampleSsid’, then autogenerated name will be ‘ExampleSsid_profile’).
- `ssid_name` (String) SSID Name
- `vlan_group_name` (String) VLAN Group Name
- `wlan_profile_name` (String) WLAN Profile Name, if not passed autogenerated profile name will be assigned.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--ssid_details--flex_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.ssid_details.flex_connect`

Optional:

- `enable_flex_connect` (String) True if flex connect is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `local_to_vlan` (Number) Local to VLAN ID




<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `additional_interfaces` (List of String)
- `ap_zones` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--ap_zones))
- `feature_templates` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--feature_templates))
- `id` (String)
- `ssid_details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--ssid_details))
- `wireless_profile_name` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--ap_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.ap_zones`

Read-Only:

- `ap_zone_name` (String)
- `rf_profile_name` (String)
- `ssids` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--item--feature_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.feature_templates`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `ssids` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--item--ssid_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.ssid_details`

Read-Only:

- `anchor_group_name` (String)
- `dot11be_profile_id` (String)
- `enable_fabric` (String)
- `flex_connect` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--ssid_details--flex_connect))
- `interface_name` (String)
- `policy_profile_name` (String)
- `ssid_name` (String)
- `vlan_group_name` (String)
- `wlan_profile_name` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--ssid_details--flex_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.ssid_details.flex_connect`

Read-Only:

- `enable_flex_connect` (String)
- `local_to_vlan` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_wireless_profiles.example "id:=string"
```
